What am I doing with my life. Do I know what I want, and what I can do to make life worth. Is there anything I can do that won't waste the time that I have. What are the things that i really want to do. I seems I just want the sort of things that will impress others. My life isn't about others. It's about what my own goals are or will be. I think my goal is to make something that will get people to feel an intense emotion. Something powerful, something special that I can work on and be proud of. Perhaps something so sad, that you can't hold back. The absolute most beautiful and awful experience. Something that can describe my own feelings.

Feelings:
I don't feel like I'm being productive towards my own goals, because my own goals are vague and not well planned out. And now that I have a job as a dev, I have less time for things like building games, and stories, and drawing. My relationship with my family is pretty distant, I don't feel I have any connection with them anymore. My closest friends are the ones that I live with, which almost forces us to be somewhat friends. I can never tell whether the only reason they talk to me is because I'm their roomate. As always I feel self-doubt in my abilities to communicate with others, and make memories with people I care about. I just sit in my room, and do nothing most days. I don't feel an urge to hate anyone really. I just feel very neutral and numb to many aspects of life. Feeling extremely sad almost feels good. My distance from people only makes it worse, as my self-doubt makes me feel distant which causes me to actually be more distant, like a feedback loop. I'm a terrible friend. I don't think I've ever been a good friends, brother, son, or person in general. Only self-absorbed and entitled to things I don't deserve. I care about people though. I would be sad if they weren't there. I would be sad if my senses numbed to point I couldn't interact with others. I would be sad to hear the possible true feelings people have about me. I would be sad if I was alone, with no one to find myself in. I would be sad to miss an opportunity just because I made a mistake.



